so how do the fans respond so far on the
tour like a friend it's been awesome we
make them jump around we make them
circle them we make them have fun that's
the one thing that you should go to
under my Sandman show and expect to do
is have fun so can you tell us a little
bit about your current album the flood
yeah it's about to be reissued on
Tuesday and that has so many tracks on
it that we wrote and they're really
pissed off very angry but it's because
that's how we feel and we write about we
write music about what happens in our
lives if you had to pick one band or a
couple bands at or you like any band you
know Dead Alive /lu Tang Pootie Tang
with ODB bang for sure one 12 Skinner
the original lineup for sure genuine for
Ryan Carey second look at her all day
and sure yeah all let her sing and I'll
kick it with Nick Cannon
all right I swear you guys are like from
originally everybody's from different
areas okay so she doesn't speak English
so they write heaven like all these
weird letters we've never been to South
America never been a 70 miles our family
and our friends are definitely
supportive of what we're doing because
we're doing what we love and we get to
do that every day so anybody that's not
down for a kid from South America like
you said you never been down to South
America oh no I definitely join oh yeah
is that something you guys plan to do we
want to you want to take this band all
over the world and we've already started
we will yeah well we will take this band
all and we will play our songs for
everybody to listen and have fun so is
that your ultimate goal of the band is
to like anybody that appreciates our
music and once a year should be allowed
to and so while you're on the road like
have you guys been writing any new
material by any chance definitely we're
always ready yeah this is our life you
know like we live on the road so it's
not we don't wait for any time to like
go home and think about it we are home
right now
death
guitar sounds interested can't wait to
hear I'll bet it was heavy so Rob we're
just going to rap over two more
questions driver up alright what
happened I don't know I'm not really
good at it but anyways so in your
childhood what are like some of your
favorite summer like pastime what do you
two do as a kid work it was Boris I to
help work and support us and I usually
went to summer school sorry it's not
very good in school so I'd always have
to take summer classes to make up for my
shit I was really good in school and
then in three years and then I found a
place where I fit in
and that's warp tour with all the
objects because now I have just
surrounded by friends in the summer time
charity am i go to the doctor soon the
water as another doctor right now
okay I'll finish analysis in the
interview ever broken here question sure
what you do oh my god of the pit the
very first time when I was I don't know
like five six years ago and I'll never
forget because I look at the pit now and
I see all the kids and then I'm like
thank god that's not me
but anyway Tina would wear oh damn it
yeah and punch little girls in the face
I definitely would never punch little
girls in the face but I definitely have
been to like a million work tours tour I
love anti-flag I love all the punk bands
I love all the metal bands that's sick
knee last words fit bands check us out
on Facebook comm slash my twitter at om
and M we got a new album coming out July
24th it's not new it's a reissue flood
deluxe two discs new artwork fucking
pre-order bundles heated up that's it if
you're a fan you're a fan already you
know yeah and you know that we love you
more than anything in the world